update impl pseudocode in chapter voting (#44)
SOMAS2020/SOMAS-Final-Report: 08_voting/index.tex

At the start of the game, it is assumed that all 6 islands have the power to vote at any necessary voting scenario, and no diplomatic sanction is in place for any island. However, in the further turns of the game, some island(s) could lose their right to vote and/or not permitted to participate in a voting event due to the diplomatic sanction(s) in place. Refer to Section~\ref{sec:sanctions} for details on diplomatic sanction. In this case, the Speaker will open the ballots to the eligible islands only , i.e. those who are permitted to vote at a certain state of the game.

\section{Implementation}
\label{sec:VotingImplementation}
In IIGO sessions, the server acts as an intermediary to receive the parameters:
\begin{itemize}
    \item the purposes\footnote{When the voting for changes of rules is called, the name of rule to be voted on is passed to the server.} of voting.
    \item the identities of islands.
    \item the ballots from islands.
    \item the voting method that is chosen.
\end{itemize}

> When receives all the ballots, the server counts the votes and selects a winner according to the voting-method parameter (see Algorithm~\ref{algo:Plurality}, \ref{algo:Borda}, \ref{algo:Runoff}, \ref{algo:InstantRunoff} and \ref{algo:Approval}). The recommended\footnote{The declaration of winner is subject to the islands' strategies where the initiator of voting may or may not abuse the power to declare a winner without following the voting method that is chosen.} winner is available for the initiator of voting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once it receives all the ballots, the server counts the votes and selects a winner according to the voting-method parameter (see Algorithm~\ref{algo:Plurality}, \ref{algo:Borda}, \ref{algo:Runoff}, \ref{algo:InstantRunoff} and \ref{algo:Approval}). The recommended\footnote{The declaration of winner is subject to the islands' strategies where the initiator of voting may or may not abuse the power to declare a winner without following the voting method that is chosen.} winner is available for the initiator of voting.
```

Author: changed

\begin{algorithm}[!h]

> \KwData{IslandID, ballots("Aye", "Nay" or "Abstain")}

Reviewer 2: \`\`quotes''

Reviewer 2: "quotes" <- wrong direction

Author: changed in #47
